chore: lightaccount doc improvement (#153)
alchemyplatform/aa-sdk: site/smart-accounts/accounts/choosing-a-smart-account.md

For most applications, we recommend using the Light Account. It is [deployed](/smart-accounts/accounts/deployment-addresses) on Ethereum, Optimism, Arbitrum, Polygon, Base, and the respective testnets.

## Modular Account (coming soon)

We authoring a standard for modular smart accounts called [ERC-6900](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-6900). Soon we will release an ERC-6900 compatible [Modular Account](/smart-accounts/accounts/modular-account). This will be an optional upgrade from Light Account to unlock an ecosystem of plugins for your smart account stack.

## Use Your Own Account

> If Light Account doesn't fit your specific needs, you can always use your own smart account implementation with Account Kit. To learn how, see the guide on [Using Your Own](/smart-accounts/accounts/using-your-own) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Light Account doesn't fit your specific needs, you can always use your own smart account implementation with Account Kit. To learn how, see our guide in the [Using Your Own](/smart-accounts/accounts/using-your-own) section.
```
